# Opal-Alpha-0.0.1
Ellaism Opal Wallet Alpha 0.0.1

DRAFT WELCOME PAGE THIS IS ALPHA SOFTWARE PLEASE USE WITH CAUTION AND READ THE SEND FUNCTION CAUTION BELOW (It sends when you enter your private key so make sure you have it all correct before hitting the prepare button)

This is the Opal Wallet Alpha release which means it is has features that a developer would use correctly mainly because the developer is only hitting the sequence of buttons to get the desired feature to work. While the developer of this wallet did use it with wallets that held significant enough funds so as to not be reckless, unintended results may happen. Therefore caution is advised. For this reason the local data repository does not hold a private key. This wallet will generate and save the "seed expression" which can derive the private key pretty easily, but it also will generate a PDF printout with the private key and address. Print this and back it up in a safe location (offline). The author's preference would be for you to always save every key offline only using them when needed. The reality is that we have grown accustomed to  keeping wallet accounts on desktops and hardware devices even ones readily connected to the internet. A future release will hold the private keys if a request is made for this function. For now, transactions are forged "offline" and signed with your private key then broadcast to the internet very similarly to if you were using the My Ella Wallet application (or My Ether Wallet on the Ellaism chain).

This is a meteor application very similarly set up to the Mist wallet. You will begin by either:
  1) generating a new wallet and saving the information from the PDF in several places offline, this function will save the wallet in the top section of your application after you create it. You can then transfer some money to that wallet for use. Or,...
  2) entering the address of an existing wallet to which you hold the private key offline. After entering the address and hitting the account button you will see this wallet and any available balance add to the top section of your application.

  You may use this application with either parity or geth, or using the RPC connection at ellaism.org. Alpha release 0.0.2 will give you the option to switch this without editing the code. The default for now will be the ellaism connection to save needing to learn how to install those other software until we automate the process for a novice user.

  The tickers at the top of the screen (above your wallet collection show the currency exchange for BTC, USD, EUR and ETH for 1 ELLA.

  Your collection of wallets with available funds will show below those currency tickers also at the top of the application and this section will scroll if more wallets are entered than will share available space with the other functionality. When hovered the tickers below the wallet collection will display the available balance in BTC, USD, EUR and ETH. We will seek to update this list in Alpha 0.0.2 to add things like the Canadian dollar CAD and custom currencies or tickers that you desire to see as a general user. Maybe you use the Swiss Franc and that is more appealing to you.

  A send transaction consists of preparing the transaction. First you would hover over the wallet to send from and magically slide the cursor off of that wallet without accidentally scrolling over another wallet to prepopulate the sending from field. Alternatively you can also just copy and paste into that same field a wallet address. Then you will enter the amount to send in the amount field and hit prepare transaction. This will then enable the private key field for you to enter your private key. Then you will hit prepare again and if the private key is correct the transaction will enable and it will SEND. In Alpha release 0.0.2 the "send" button will enable for a confirmation before a send happens, but for this release it is going to send as soon as you put the correct private key and hit prepare the second time so please make sure you are ready for that in advance. Confirm your transaction before hitting the prepare button.

  There are no tokens in this release. Alpha 0.0.2 will have some token functionality and will quickly follow this initial release (which is really just an upload to baseline getting the git started)

  An electron application wrapper will hold this meteor application in Alpha 0.0.2 but is not being uploaded with this release. The electron wrapper will contain additional functionality and security and will also allow an easy install on multiple client operating systems.

  I hope you enjoy this alpha release of the ELLA Opal Wallet version 0.0.1 and that you can see the vision on why the ELLA community needs its own custom wallet and how this humble start can really become something great. If you have any questions or comments please feel free to email me at OSOESE@ELLAISM.COM or catch the members of Ellaism Core development team on the public discord at https://discord.gg/66Pn9jn - where we are always seeking new members for our development team.
